everybody welcome back to northern lion
place abiding by scattereth plus I've
been playing okay but making like dumb
decisions that make it look like I have
holes in my brain
Oh what do i what am I supposed to do on
this episode oh I messed it up I did the
wrong thing Oh what is this sytem do it
does this no it doesn't it does this I'm
gonna I'm not gonna make excuses I
should know this stuff I'm busy I got a
lot of knowledge coming into the brain
it's seemingly pushing other knowledge
out of the cache we're gonna the the
buck stops with me we're gonna be
smarter play better starting now or at
least there's gonna be an honest effort
to do that and you know what it's a
great start if we just play as the
keeper and win and as far as I'm
concerned this is also the easiest thing
to do not the easiest thing to
accomplish but the simplest thing to do
because we just finish it we don't have
to worry about oh you got to get this
you got to get this just don't get it
two times before you can get a coin qwg
seven swing it's the young Sheldon
catchphrase
he's always swinging that's the number
one thing you need to know about young
Sheldon the dude loves to swing Busch
mingi anyway whatever happened to
bazinga they were like the biggest
mobile game developer in Earth's history
and now they're just gone what a sad
story everybody week for them
question mark card it can get us out of
a jam it's not really our number one
happiest thing in the world here small
rock is lovely though I mean it does I
think it does come with a tears
downgrade which I always forget about
and dude my best friend which is
actually punching bag doing some great
work they're actually sucking up aggro
usually it just annoys the Christ out of
me but here it's actually doing some
positive stuff even if it does look
almost exactly the same as the other
human popcorn in my periphery I'm happy
that it's they're not causing many
problems so what's the game plan
it's always very simple if not easy
again there's a distinction there you
know some things are very simple to do
but not easy for example running a
marathon it's the simplest thing in the
world all you have to do is you know
train to the point where you can run for
26.2 miles whether where's the problem
in that there shouldn't be any problem
at all in practice very difficult you
know
you gotta actually get up out of bed you
know it once you got to get up once out
of bed every day to begin with that
think but you know you got to get out of
bed four or five times a week and bust
out some long runs it's gonna be a
nightmare for you or not a nightmare
that's a little bit of a limiting belief
I suppose but you know what I mean some
things are very complicated but easy
like trying to think of a good example
making making fermented foods you know
the the concept of making a fermented
food requires a lot of science even
though it was done early in human
history and yet the process itself is
very simple you know yeast in the air
plus something for them to eat inside of
an airtight container equals a baby
you've got a stew going only the stew is
potentially alcoholic what a world now
now that I've made that completely
arbitrary and needlessly verbose
description the keeper simple but
difficult also simple and clean is the
way that he's making me feel tonight
it's hard to let him go that's not
that's right I played Kingdom Hearts all
the way through I might add did I tear
up a little bit at the simple and
clean.the first time I heard it maybe I
did I was 13 and Haley Joel Osment was
on top of the world so what's it to you
we're gonna leave kidney stone I mean
we're gonna we're gonna do what we do
we're gonna leave a lot behind here
because it's not really hyper relevant
to our concern as the as the keeper like
an arcade could be relevant no question
there so I'd like to look for that but I
don't want to risk Oh exactly what just
happened I didn't want to risk taking
damage on rooms that it was not
necessary to go to now mind you we
probably wouldn't have taken a deal with
the devil anyway unless it was extremely
high quality because we needed HP to
make it work and we didn't get HP so
we're heading down in the next floor
here it's not a speed run we're just
trimming the fat off the stuff that we
don't need to do because as the keeper
is very dangerous so I'd say our
question mark card you know we got our
money's worth out of that truth be told
we're not very happy with our our last
floor worth of items kidney stone you
might think that you boy is losing his
aim it's not the case kidney stone lost
the same for
I'm more than happy to take a zany item
that affects our stats on a neutral
level when an item has dubious gain
which I would say kidney stone does and
also affects your stats in a negative
way that's where your boy starts to get
a little upset that's when your boy says
why are you imposing a Zayn tax there's
already a Zayn tax
it's called potentially getting yourself
killed or at least inhibiting the value
of your run because you're choosing the
Zayn over something more traditionally
good instead some of these items have
been balanced in such a way that they're
like not only are they zany and maybe a
little bit you know neutral in there
inert in their value to you on the run
but we're gonna make them like
objectively bad so hey here's a speed
downgrade on kidney stone just because
you were looking a little too happy
there for a brief period of time so I
I'm engaging in a silent protest that is
actually very loud and exposed to a
relatively large audience given the size
of what you know whatever audience for
rebirth is left on planet Earth and
being annoying about it see you on
mushroom I love this sytem look at the
rate of fire increase on that despite
the minor damage downgrade your boys
extremely pleased with this how oh what
the
he curved the bullet something curved
the bullet there there that was a total
100% wanted moment starring Angelina
Jolie and James McAvoy and might I add a
young Chris Pratt in a pre Parks and
Recreation role a lot of people don't
know that I didn't the first time I saw
a wanted for sure which was
embarrassingly enough in theaters anyway
this run is actually shaping up real
nicely right now deal with the devil be
darned I apologize to the strong
language google deepmind is gonna
penalize me for that and i you know what
all i can say is that i deserve because
if i argue with it
we'll get double d monetized and you
don't want to get double d monetized
polydactyly gives us a judgement card a
judgement card so the interesting
conundrum isn't it this judgement card a
demon judgement is not good for us
unless we get either swallowed penny or
nuns have it in fact even nuns habit is
not really that good for us but we might
try it here and a regular judgement see
what I mean a regular judgment actually
could be really good for us but it's too
late because we've already seen that
it's a demon judgment which we'll try to
get some value out of but wow that was
really dumb of me but the only thing
that really matters it is at the end of
this run whether or not we come through
with the the win right this is a
performance driven run without a doubt
so we're gonna try to give you two plays
it's very risky we're not gonna push our
luck here we're like really not gonna
push our luck here if I could get like a
goat head but even if I don't know
what's the best item that demon
judgement can give you we don't want
likes in robes necessarily oh man that
was really dumb as well
we don't want sin robes necessarily even
though it is like minor stats we'd much
prefer like pacts even go ahead we don't
necessarily want I don't think he can
just give you brimstone you know it's a
realistic item he could give us that
we'd really like to have is any ability
to fly pretty high value in this
situation normally you want to get
something like goat head normally you
want to get something like goat head you
know gives you the ability to get
progressively stronger on a run start
that positive feedback loop we're not
looking for that this time this time
we're looking for something a little bit
more you know grab and go we're not
looking for vitamins we're looking for
calories all right so we got our coin oh
it's not bad actually this is a room
that we wouldn't have minded going to in
the first place well actually check our
our item room over here as well item
rooms have it mixed bag so far best item
we've gotten bar none absolutely
small rock but actually skinny odd
mushroom big DPS up as well this card is
another judgment which actually can
provide us with some usefulness just
pick up the nickel we can use it for HP
but the virus is good enough I hate the
speed downgrade and I always forget that
it exists
but the virus is good enough just in
getting us towards spun obviously like
obviously I'm not a hundred percent
thrilled with walking into enemies and
possibly getting black hearts out of it
that just doesn't do anything for us so
we can play him maybe two more times you
could also use this as leverage to get
into our demon or sorry our boss trap
room let's pop this guy down it's a
regular old judgment that's got me
titillated High Priestess please don't
pay out with the troll bomb that's all I
ask it's a simple premise wouldn't mind
HP okay well well hold off on that one
but that is good we could use any
trinket so that's amazing and if it
gives a swallowed penny that's even
better
we had a feeling that was gonna happen
ads bouncing ball and in the process
they also got another judgment and a
pill trying to get back out of payout
first the tears down as bad but life
goes on we should have saved the coin
maybe like the bouncing ball is like
occasionally we get rubber cement tears
take it or leave it honestly you got to
get stomped this room sucks by the way
it sucks for many reasons
this guy's not actually the big problem
even though he's tanky as heck if you
can only get hit once give me mega fatty
any day of the week over we have to find
him immediately mega ma long time no see
on that impression but yeah yeah please
keep attacking my best friend not a very
selfless individual on my part he's
being extremely selfish selfless I
should say uh all right it's also bad
and we still have no coin so I'm pretty
tempted to blow up these judgments
there's a very risky maneuver we can't
afford to take this pill it could be
paralysis should just about be the worst
thing ever it could also be full health
you shouldn't pay attention to that oh
my god health up okay we'll check this
cuz it could be anything but greed is
lovely and actually there is a there is
a good play for us in here yeah first
take that you're gonna take all these
we're gonna make our demon or sorry not
our demon judgement we're gonna make our
donation machine pretty upset with us
for the time being at least let's see if
we can get like a Joker card it's
actually two of diamonds could probably
use that intelligently to actually oh
they're still poins in my secret room
you could probably use that fairly
intelligently to like donate more than
we stole for the time being I'm just
gonna finish this floor because we have
taken a lot of time here it's time well
spent
oh that's a nasty room dude it was a
100% nasty when they introduced the the
enemy that split into other oh that's
very nice the enemy that split ended
versions of itself because the room is
already crowded but that dude took up
the last available real estate and I am
not happy with you mister leaked hashing
oh oh it's a reference to the Chinese
Forbes richest like property owner on
planet Earth
means no Carlos Slim but like come on
here now you get highly dusted two rooms
of interesting value can't take two of
those pie I always forget what
polydactyl does just toss this in here
easy enough I think I might just ignore
the demon judgments to be straight up
with you because I haven't really earned
my stripes on this one
just make sure this guy goes down we get
a nickel out of it if it would be so
much better although highly unrealistic
if instead of a nickel that was five
pennies doubled or otherwise good stuff
you get an HP upgrade that means nothing
except it doesn't mean nothing
it just means less than it otherwise
could so here's our end game we're just
trying to get a payout out of one of
these guys I really doubt that it's
gonna be that relevant but we're gonna
give it the college try regardless
because what let's just see this is
potentially a big floor so that's HP
we've got the two demon judgments back
here we got one play of this card or of
this Wooden Nickel which would be really
nice if it worked in it if they did
indeed that was we should not have done
that but it it worked so we'll get some
flies and an evil upgrade essentially
worth nothing then this guy kept giving
two plays he's been played three times I
think then the next step is you pick
this up please give me some more coins
oh okay okay this is like the most
boring part of any Isaac run but we're
so like we're scraping along the edge
here we're a filter feeder and we want
to rise up the food shake how does one
do that well we got a we got an inch
along you ever play agario we got to eat
enough of the you know garbage before we
can start eating bigger garbage and
eventually we become the biggest garbage
of all we have the final coup de
resistance is the HP upgrade which will
give us HP and I figured you know we're
not getting much other value out of it
we might as well shoot for the stars
here we get a card of some sort so Wheel
of Fortune blow up the Wheel of Fortune
gives us no coins
that's nasty we don't want to leave with
one HP so we're gonna blow this guy up
and at the very least he's giving us a
lot of money that we can turn to our
favor
finally after spending eight minutes on
this floor we're going to go to the
right go to the shop see what's inside
and
if there's more items of some value
we'll be happy but there aren't so what
I'm gonna do is actually and again like
this is a mechanic I've never fully
realized but we're gonna donate until we
get to our balance being 15 cents so we
can at least put some money back in the
donation machine we've never gotten into
999 so the closer we can get to that the
better this run is cursed and its doomed
our stats do not allow us to to get a
win here so what it means we got to
change our stats many ways to do so
easiest one is just getting good items
second easiest one getting some deals
with the devil oh cool sorry I just had
a unimportant and also semi urgent email
as you know I have an important
businessman who does a lot of important
business man and that email was
extremely important it definitely was
not junk mail from StubHub that just
said hey there's a hockey game on planet
Earth this weekend I got to stop walking
into enemies if we're gonna have any
chance to get these deals with the devil
you know what's nice is that humbling
bundle is actually what is this oh there
was a new booster pack released that's
right
so we're gonna see all sorts of new
stuff and buy all sorts I mean like very
very occasionally we might see one or
two new things but that's cool though
we're we're suffering a little bit here
and it's a suffering that I've created
for myself dude that was the greatest
like I'm a little mad but I'm also
extremely impressed because that bony
never stopped shooting
it was like a finding Dory moment there
and though I'm a little upset by the
fact that I got hit and almost died I'm
more impressed with the fact that he was
firing to begin with so I like to I look
at things logically you know there's
many different kinds of people people
always say there's two different kinds
of people in the world as long as you
structure it is like an either/or that's
always gonna be true there's many
different kinds of people in the world a
lot of people you know the kind of
person if your friend says all I'm gonna
fail this test you go what's your mark
in the class going in and they're like
you know 80 oh how much did you study 20
hours you're not gonna fail the test
that's what you've just said is a
ridiculous statement how much did you
study zero
what's your mark going in 40% you ain't
probably gonna fail I'm sorry dude
if only there is some way to prevent
that like I don't know if you need me to
be a bastion of support maybe I'm a bad
dude I'm but I'm a realist I'm not
suggesting that this run is doomed to be
negative it's more you know looking at
the stats and judging things that way
now mind you dull razor does nothing but
we got a we got a great setup here um
mind you we got a lot of opportunities
to turn it around let's take black
candle if we ever get the bird feather
as a trinket we're gonna get a nice
damage upgrade rather not spend bomb
spending money seems more valuable right
now we'll check for its 2a diamonds
didn't get it bogel bombs is irrelevant
so recycle extremely good showed up
relatively early I'm a happy camper
check for two of diamonds again didn't
get it got card against humanity instead
what we're gonna do is pop cards against
humanity' in here
just hope for some extra money um we
don't really care abouts about anything
else here to be honest new so we're just
gonna keep going one of these days this
thing's gonna blow up should we check
for another two of diamonds why not
ace of clubs is not bad - ace of clubs
is not good now we got to think about
maybe using bombs add blew up anyway
okay so car battery you want to buy it
but first we'll check for it - a
diamonds damn we'll get car battery and
you know what you mean ace of clubs here
fine by me
and I'd like to check for a two of
diamonds one last time as ridiculous as
that might seem so actually petrified
pukas like extremely good mostly on this
room only but still where we at dang
Depp's one not gonna do boss rush and
that's fine it's not really I mean it
could be the right run for it but we've
slowed ourselves down in such a way that
it probably won't be in that's that's
completely okay we got back up to 94
cents so with restock I think we'll
start buying this place out is that
another to it you got a check right
after after two of those and we'll hold
off no we won't because we couldn't
easily get a we could easily get greed
on the next shop so I think we should
spend all our money if we can the less
actives the better but sure I mean oh
the battery charge is not relevant we
didn't take this pill did we didn't it's
a luck upgrade all right let's get out
of here
still good I mean we spent a lot of
money and not all of it came back to us
but being able to get possibly double
the amount of plays due to or due to car
battery here is fantastic
no I'm using the f-word a lot here
the pays out twice that's an
unbelievable amount of money in HP if it
pays out once that's still one cent plus
one HP or two a two cents not two HP you
can't use it to get to HP cuz you've
already lost it you can only hold two at
a time so if you need to then you're
already dead no so your keeper is
already dead but we got kind of like a
good Mass Effect going on here so once
every four rooms we should expect no
sense I'm willing to take those odds
once every four rooms we should expect
four cents so I mean I'm willing to take
those odds as well it's really a win-win
this might be a good run to donate to
what I would love to see is obviously
nun's habit swallowed penny I've kind of
given up hope forth see there's our no
payout so while the penny I've kind of
given up hope for just cuz it typically
that was a bad play it typically shows
up this is a good time to pop this on
the first floor when you blow up a pot
and obviously you know we're kind of
living in a pot four universe here so we
did get a deal with the devil please
don't be Krampus this is actually fine
we don't want to pay for any items
anyway we're a freeloader like that
right now we got nothing to we got
nothing to offer this run in terms of
our own HP what we do have is stats that
could allow us to acquiesce a victory
here or we could seize the victory
instead of acquiescing it will see 36
seconds to make it the boss rush not
gonna happen
purge that from your your minds it's an
unnecessary situation you know what is
like the the bread and butter of this
run right now is basically piercing
shots the fact that we got that leaves
us extremely well equipped to tackle the
rest of this run we're within
on all these roles here not greed that's
fantastic news no reroll machine that
sucks but what we're gonna do again we
don't care about saving money here what
we care about is seeing as many items as
possible because anything that improves
our chances of winning as the keeper is
by definition something we want to have
not been viewed something we can get
back to 15 cents we could buy mr. musics
give you mr. musics to steal the item
that mr. musics allows to come into the
situation because we have restock so
it's like 50/50 whether it works or not
you gotta aim it properly and I think as
time is shown not always the best track
record of that
yeah the bread and butter this run right
now the thing that allows it to go as
well as it's going and I'd say it's
going well what is going on with these
odds might be the thing that allows it
to go as well as it's going right now is
the fact that we have piercing shots
yeah I was gonna say that's probably
gonna dust us without piercing shots
were in a much much worse position huge
growth not a bad item to be honest with
you certainly still need to find our
item room not a bad card I should say
but certainly still need to find our
item room I feel like I'm losing my mind
because I can't tell that's a dime or a
nickel it's like an optical illusion I
think it's a nickel but in my head I'm
like aren't the nickels usually like
greater than that then I'm like it's a
dime didn't like aren't the dimes
usually shinier than that place your
bets it was a dime dude okay okay hey I
must must be losing it I may be picked
up a dime earlier and I picked up a dime
nothing less now I must put its behind
to the test you know the other reason I
know this run is not in a truly awful
place right now is because why why why
is because I'm not complaining about
0.85 speed normally that would be the
kiss of death little chubby
okay all right
39 cents that should give us three items
by mr. musics that's one mr. music
steals another item that's two we have
24 cents left to buy one more item
that's three so effectively two items of
some usefulness mr. me gives us placebo
nope no it does not
last item piggy bank aka who cares
so we'll donate as much money as they'll
allow us to might have broken even on
that and for a keeper run that success
good we turned two bombs we turned four
bombs in two cents into four bombs in a
troll bomb I don't know if my math
checks out there it seems a little a
little off but hmm well the thing is
with 20 cents we could buy whatever that
item is like AI think it's piggy bank
roll through it we'll have five cents
left plus we get from piggy bank which i
think is three cents so we won't be able
to buy anything else so I think we just
would prefer to maybe buy a card and the
card is the world which is useful for us
but remember this for this run to work
we have to beat something we've never
beaten before either hush which is
probably not gonna happen due to the way
that this run looks right now timewise
or uh the chest or shoul plus or not
plus the negative floor I could have
explained that much more succinctly but
we like the things that I've not been
ticked off on the post-it note yet we've
already done that pains me cuz I saw the
shadow and was like I'm above it so no
problem
we've already done the Isaac fight we
just died on the chest on the last greed
run so okay the only greed run I think
we're gonna go that path anyway all
right all right all right all right all
right all right so huge growth is a big
play when we need it we will use it
there's a real room kind of one of those
characters for what are you know I would
just walked right into it so just hit
the button do
well that's horrifying um kind of one of
those characters for whom a reroll room
is actually just bad because you can't
afford to lose your starting space bar
item in most situations but I'm not
gonna get too preachy about it this
floor is gonna be over in no time flat
and you know what conquest is worth
using huge growth on dude is mega
annoying then we got relatively lucky
there and who knows maybe the hush fight
is actually practical for us I'd much
rather do it with a chaos card but you
know if we got it we got it
just leave like hey money is not very
relevant to our needs right now we're
gonna try to leave like a little money
on the ground as is necessary but no the
thing is once you pass the womb - or
sorry once you pass it's another new
room I think once you pass depp's - or
the equivalent oh my lord I gotta learn
that pattern he rotates oh now that okay
okay dinner brain you're like mad broken
good kid maad brain just walk this way
please
lucky me once you it's not a good one
once you pass that floor you don't need
money much anymore sure you could still
use it possibly Garner's some value out
of the blue womb not likely to be that
relevant this is the hold the run this
time is meant to prove that my brain is
not broken so there's like catastrophic
consequences for me right now especially
given that there's new rooms you know
I'm mostly coasting off of my earlier
intelligence and due diligence you know
I boot up Isaac and I kind of it's all
stored in the cache instantly available
how do you handle this room you know
load Oh a spike room that bad or
whatever these new rooms you got a all
of a sudden you're opening up your
dynamic processor this isn't even a
programming thing I don't know what the
heck of dynamic processors but you know
on the fly you're looking at it and
going oh crap how do I deal with this
enemy I've never seen before
it's like going going back to basics
starring Amy Winehouse
I'll check the double key room more we
will not check the cursed room this
could be okay bounced and bounced and
bounced and bounced we should never take
those pills hey if there's one thing you
take away from this video I want you to
be better than the person you're
watching don't take those pills it's
gonna be a health down one of these days
and you're gonna go and out why didn't
you tell me I did tell you this is me
I'm your sensei I'm telling you as the
keeper don't take those pills unless you
got two of them if you got two of them
consider it because you can leverage
that you only got one don't take it it's
only gonna burn you see those I'm gonna
I'm gonna follow my own example for once
I'm not gonna take them it's your
parents they always say don't do as I
say do as I do they've built bad habits
they want you to have better ones takes
a lot takes a certain maturity to earn
that or to learn that I should say
maturity that I don't even necessarily
think I even have yet did you see the
outrageous number of flies that we got
there we did get a very lucky deal what
is it see like your boy doesn't want to
take it but he might never see it again
this is not the right run for Zane I'll
see you again I don't even know what it
is it's a scroll of some sort will see
it at some point I know yeah NL you're
Zane is dead look at me look at me I'm
the windows of my soul as I say this to
you if my Zane was dead why am I
willingly playing is the keeper here the
Zane is not I'm not going oh well you
know we got to take this Senecas you let
me plug it into my formula here it's
gold my odds of winning is the keeper or
only 17% we might as well hold our I'm
not doing that okay this is this is a
keeper run
sight unseen we didn't know what the
heck was gonna show up and yet here we
are making it work
that ain't Zane I don't know what is
dude you know what Zane is just a way of
creatively solving problems instead of
like logically and analytically solving
problems forces Zane is short for
constrained you know it sure it puts
constraints on your run then most people
wouldn't go for because they
objectively or subjectively at least bad
that's what we've done here we're not
just holding our until we start next to
a room that has like you know Oh
swallowed penny plus uh brimstone in it
see now this is this is where your Zane
gets on look who've we got our Hanes on
now and not of the Malick variety okay
where's we're safe
I was looking bad for a second there but
we made it and we're not quite good to
go because we don't have a we don't have
anything to back ourselves up with now
we do so try to avoid picking up all of
the money because essentially it's free
and you're gonna say NL you cost
yourselves an item you cost yourself an
item did I cause myself an item or did I
guarantee myself four items by ensuring
that I would not die right here you know
it's a matter of perspective I suppose I
like to think i guaranteed myself four
items because I would have died right
there so you know your mileage may vary
on that but I'm gonna look on the bright
side of life again would we have died
right there no cuz we would have died
earlier you can't die twice and less you
got some way of coming back to life
which I don't know about you saying the
Lazarus project still a little
understanded I'll admit but you can't be
upset with any keeper run that just out
of nowhere sort of makes it to the chest
like for a keeper run to get to the
chest something went right and on our
run that was a small rock skinny odd
mushroom with an incredible tears
upgrade plus piercing shots essentially
giving us a great opportunity here so
without this use of the slot machine I'm
feeling fairly confident in saying our
butts would be toast right now
our damage status no that hurts me dude
that's the first time in a hundred years
I've seen the Isaac icon for getting
killed I blame that last one on our
speed said to be on I mean me being an
idiot but also the speed stead as I was
getting hit I was trying to move out of
the concentric circles in it every hit
was like nah move back move back move
back still fun run I think I played ok
we got introduced to some new items that
we didn't get to take but thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
how's that a great deal of course
subscribe if you wanna see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time